fix: Update README.md (#928)
interledger/testnet: README.md

Using your preferred text editor, open the `./docker/dev/.env` file and configure the necessary environment variables.
The `RAPYD_ACCESS_KEY` and `RAPYD_SECRET_KEY` variables values can be found in your Rapyd Sandbox account, under the Developers menu item. The `RAPYD_SETTLEMENT_EWALLET` variable value can be found in your Rapyd Sandbox account details.

> In order to create a new Testnet Wallet Account, a verification email will be sent to the email address provided. If you have a personal Sendgrid account, then set `SEND_EMAIL` to `true` and add the values for `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `FROM_EMAIL`. If you don't have a personal Sendgrid account, then set `SEND_EMAIL` to `false` and use the verification link for the testnet account in the docker wallet-backend logs to continue registration of new user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new Testnet Wallet account, a verification email will be sent to the provided email address. If you want to send emails within the development environment, you will need to have a personal Sendgrid account and update the following environment variables: `SEND_EMAIL` to `true`, `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `FROM_EMAIL`. If you prefer not to send emails in the development environment, simply set `SEND_EMAIL` to false and use the verification link found in the Docker `wallet-backend` container logs to finalize the registration process for a new user.
```

> Cross currency asset transfers are available, for these to work you can register at [freecurrencyapi.com/](https://freecurrencyapi.com/) and set `RATE_API_KEY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cross-currency transactions are supported. To enable this functionality, you will need to register at [freecurrencyapi.com/](https://freecurrencyapi.com/) and update the `RATE_API_KEY` environment variable with your own API key.
```
